gonna throw this out there I hate John
Hamm I hate his face I hate his pig name
I hate how smug he always looks I hate
John Hamm
[Music]
Jennifer Garner looks like a duck's
vagina literally a duck's that's not
nice
that butter that they put on your
popcorn and movie theaters it's actually
made from John Goodman's balls what the
Bob Balaban storyline on Seinfeld is
creepy as my stomach turns when I see
that goofy little worm that's really
good I wanna pee in Sarah Silverman's
face no reason behind it no reason
needed Tom Hanks is a whiner Oh boohoo
so you have a tropical island all to
yourself you I have a turtle sandbox
my mom thinks that Joseph
gordon-levitt looks like a q-tip then
addict Cumberbatch what a dead hmm
it's ven EDA ICT Rob Lowe looks like
skin cancer can people stop saying cate
blanchett is beautiful cate blanchett
gross dude
that's the worst you can do okay
listening to tim robbins on the radio
what a pretentious is it pretentious of
me to say that you don't know how to
spell you a little i find bill
murray not funny i was glad he got shot
in Zombieland
[Applause]
too bad they don't give an oscar for
blowing ass because matt damon would win
every year well buy another zoo and live
in it born i dead hashtag no disrespect
to ben affleck you learn yoga pants no
he's wearing yoga pants
[Applause]
[Music]